A cakewalk
Easily accomplished
The cakewalk is a dance that was started by enslaved people to make fun of White people dancing. Owners of enslaved people eventually hosted dance competitions where enslaved people competed for cakes. Making enslaved people dance over a cake to illustrate their poor treatment and lack of food is condescending.
Blackball
Secretly Reject
Blackball reinforces racist ideology by associating black with negative.
Blacklist
Blocked list
Blacklist reinforces racist ideology by associating black with negative.
Chop Chop
Hurry Up
The phrase originates from the Cantonese word "kap" and is used condescendingly to someone who is perceived to be lower in status. The phrase was used to make fun of Chinese immigrants' accents which is why this phrase should not be used. 
Freeholder
Commissioner
The term "freeholder" refers to the New Jersey Constitution of 1776, which restricted property ownership to white men. In contemporary times, the term is a title for a New Jersey county supervisor.
Grandfathered in
The old rules apply
The grandfather clause was used in the South to justify the denial of voting rights to black people. There is no reason to evoke that history when one can simply say that the old law continues to apply rather than the new one. 
Guru
Expert
In certain religions, the term represents respect. The casual use and integration of the term into English negates that effect. 
Inner City
(Insert actual city or state)
Although the term appears to be an objective geographic reference, it is used to refer to Black people living in poverty as a result of their perceived laziness. 
Jimmies
Chocolate Sprinkles
Jimmies refer to chocolate sprinkles. The fact that they refer to "brown sprinkles" raises the possibility that they are referencing Black people and Jim Crow laws.
Lynch Mob
Unjust Attack
"Lynch mobs originated as an event where White people tortured and killed Black people by hanging them. Not so long ago, Black people in the United States could be lynched for looking at a White person the wrong way. However, the term ""lynch mob"" and ""lynching""** has been coopted to mean unjust punishment, as seen when Donald Trump referred to his impeachment inquiry as such. The phrase evokes violent history that people may not want to remember at a particular point in time. It also falsely correlates racist acts to an attack that someone felt was unjust. Note- lynching is not flagged because it is a legitimate term that can be used in academic papers. However, it should not be used loosely to refer to unjust punishment for the reasons mentioned above.
Master
Primary
A master bedroom in real estate refers to a home's biggest bedroom. It is also used to denote knowledge through things like a Master's degree. The origins of the word are unclear, but it definitely evokes the history of slavery. There is already being taken: Python and other programming languages have made the term "master" obsolete.
Mumbo Jumbo
Nonsense
The phrase comes from Maamajomboo, a character portrayed as a male dancer in West African cultural ceremonies. British colonizers couldn't pronounce his name and thought the rituals were useless, which is why mumbo jumbo means nonsensical. 
Oriental
(Insert specific nationality)
The term implies that East Asians are different and inferior to White people. If East Asians don't refer to themselves as Oriental, other people should not either. 
Picnic
Gathering
The origin of the term comes from the phrase "Pick a N*****", where individuals pick a Black person to lynch to jumpstart a family gathering. Although the term "picnic" is embedded into American culture, it is super easy to replace it with the word "gathering" to have the same meaning. 
Slaves
Enslaved people
First-person language is becoming increasingly popular in disability studies because it offers the disabled person agency. While "slave" is a dehumanizing term, "enslaved person" avoids that issue and gives the person agency. 
Thug
Troublemaker
The term is used to label gang members as violent and a threat to society. Often, the term is solely based on one's appearance rather than actions that have racial undertones. 
Uppity
Arrogant
During the Jim Crow era, uppity was a word used to describe Black people who lacked humility. This caused White mobs to murder Black people because, in their eyes, their independence was being displayed disrespectfully. Throughout their tenure in office, Barack and Michelle Obama were frequently referred to as that.
Whitelist
Allowed list
Whitelist reinforces racist ideology by associating white with positive which simultaneously pathologizes blackness.